go/README.md, before:

# TypeDB Go Driver

### In progress:
The current state has managed to implement basic database features for the driver. 
A very simple example is provided in `db_creation_example.go` and a go_test target has been made to test this (needs
working on). 

The library has been successfully made, but there is an issue with getting the relative path from the bazel directory
so we have used the absolute path at the moment.

The Database can be created and deleted, and a variety of functions can be run with the generated dynamic library.
To expand on this, we need to implement the other functions, similar to the other drivers. 


### How to run (in current state):
To run, in `go/BUILD.bazel`, in the `clinkopts` of the go_library `driver-go`, set the -L linker path to your bazel
output. This is configured in the [dependencies](https://github.com/vaticle/dependencies) repo, and should be in `go/`.

You can then uncomment the go_library and go_binary in `go/BUILD.bazel` and run
```bash
bazel run go:driver-test
```

to run the binary, and to run the file `db_creation_example.go`.

Commit message:

Update dependencies. Clean codestyle and add codestyle tests for CI. Add TODOS and fix README

go/README.md, after:

# TypeDB Go Driver (WIP)

## Current state

`TypeDB Go Driver` is not implemented yet. This repository contains proofs of concept, including driver's library build
phase and basic database manipulation functionality. A usage example could be found
in [driver_proof_of_concept.go](driver_proof_of_concept.go) (database creation and deletion).

### Issues

- [BUILD](BUILD) expects manual actions to build on a specific machine and is not fully automated yet (more details
  below and inside the file)
- Only basic connection and database manipulation features are implemented and not tested
- There is no resource management, exceptions handling and some of the needed Rust structs wrappers on the SWIG side

### Run

- Run `bazel build //go:libtypedb_driver_go_native`
- Uncomment `driver-go` (and `driver-temp-exe`) targets in [BUILD](BUILD)
- Specify your local path to the `typedb_driver_go_native` dynamic library instead
  of `$TYPEDB_DRIVER_PATH/typedb-driver/bazel-bin/go`
- Run `bazel build //go:driver-go` (or `bazel run //go:driver-temp-exe`). Make sure that you have a `TypeDB` server
  running to connect to it

```bash
bazel build //go:libtypedb_driver_go_native
bazel build //go:driver-go
```
